There are many different parts to a spring boot project.
Spring Boot projects have an area for source code resources and application tests.
In this lesson, you will break down the different parts of a spring boot project.
So the first section is the main Java section and it contains the source code for your project.
This section of your project contains three subfolders that match the group ID and the artifact ID.
And inside there's an application.
Java file.
This file is the entry point of your spring boot application.
You need to code all of your applications logic inside this section of your project.
The next section is the resources section, which, as the name implies, contains the application's
resources.
The resources include a static folder that contains static web content such as images, CSS files,
and sometimes static HTML files.
A Templates folder that contains dynamic web content such as HTML templates.
And an application, not properties file a file that configures the settings for your application.
The final section is test slash Java and it contains all of your applications tests.
Once again, it contains three subfolders that match the group ID and the artifact ID.
And inside there is a file.
Recontest your application.
In the future, you're going to write all of your tests inside this part of your project.
So to recap, you broke down the different parts of a spring boot project.
Main slash Java contains the source code for your project.
Main slash resources contains the resources.
And Test slash Java contains all of your tests.